WeChat Plan Terms and Conditions
1. Definitions
In these WeChat Plan Terms and Conditions, the following words and expressions shall have the following
meanings:
“Approved Scope” refers to the scope of use of the WeChat that is within the WeChat Plan, as described in
Clause 2.3.
“Expiry Date” refers to the last day of the Subscription Period, which day shall end at 2359 hours.
“General Terms” refers to Singapore Telecommunications Limited's General Terms and Conditions of
Service (available at http:info.singtel.com/terms-general).
“Main Account” refers to a Subscriber’s’ main charging account that will be used to deduct the Subscription
Fees.
“SingTel Mobile” refers to SingTel Mobile Singapore Pte Ltd (CRN: 201012456C).
“Subscriber” refers to an eligible SingTel Mobile pre-paid customer who subscribes for the WeChat Plan.
“Subscription Fee” refers to the charges for the WeChat Plan subscribed by the Subscriber, details of which
are set out Clause 2.2.
“Subscription Period” refers to the validity period of the subscription once subscribed as stipulated in the
relevant WeChat Plan.
“WeChat” refers to a third party mobile application offered by Tencent Limited.
“WeChat Plan” refers to the data price plan, as described in Clause 2.2, offered by SingTel Mobile to enable
Subscribers to use WeChat for the Subscription Period, without incurring additional data charges.
“WeChat Terms & Conditions” refers to the terms and conditions imposed by Tencent Limited for download
and use of WeChat.
The words and expressions used in the WeChat Plan shall have the same meanings as defined in the
General Terms and/or the Specific Terms unless the context otherwise requires.
The headings or titles to the clauses in the WeChat Plan Terms and Conditions are to facilitate reference and
shall not be referred to or relied upon in the construction of any provision of the WeChat Plan.
2. Scope and Use of WeChat Plan

2.1The Subscriber acknowledges that the purchase and/or use of the WeChat Plan is governed by:
(a) General Terms;
(b) WeChat Plan Terms and Conditions; and
(c) WeChat Terms and Conditions,
which are deemed incorporated by reference. The Subscriber shall be bound by these terms and conditions.
2.2 The WeChat Plan will be offered in various denominations, the details of which are as set out in the table
below and SingTel Mobile shall have the sole and absolute discretion to vary or revise any or all of them from
time to time and such variation or revision shall take effect from the date determined by SingTel Mobile. The
Subscription Fee for the WeChat Plan shall be deducted from the Subscriber’s Main Account as follows;

WeChat Plan

Price

1 Day Plan
7 Day Plan
30 Day Plan

$0.50
$3.00
$6.00

2.3 The WeChat Plan only applies to:
(a)
handsets that operate on iOS, Android, Windows and Blackberry software platforms; and
(b)
messages, images, video clips and voice messages within WeChat which are delivered within
Singapore.
2.4 The purchase fee of WeChat (if any) is not included in the Subscription Fee. Subscribers will incur data
charges for download of WeChat and use of features and functionalities of the WeChat beyond the Approved
Scope.
2.5 Standard charges will apply including but not limited to the followings:
(a)
(b)
(c)

External links which are not within WeChat.
Enabling or navigating to features that rely on location services.
The use of walkie-talkie, voice or video call features.

2.6 The WeChat Plan will not be available on SingTel Prepaid Broadband subscriber identification module
(SIM).
3. Expiry, Maximum Plan Validity and Fair Usage
3.1 The WeChat Plan will be valid for use according to the Subscription Period purchased by the Subscriber.
For the purpose of clarity, subscription will commence from the time of confirmed purchase and end at 2359
st
hours on the Expiry Date. For example, if a Subscriber subscribed for a 1 Day Plan on 1 January 2014 at
1400 hours, the Subscriber will be entitled to use the WeChat Plan for 1 Day and the Subscriber’s
nd
subscription will end on 2 January 2014 at 2359 hours.
3.2 The Subscriber may renew or extend their WeChat Plan by purchasing any of the WeChat Plans on a
continuous basis, subject to a maximum usage period of 90 days.
3.3 The WeChat Plan is to be used strictly for personal and non-commercial purpose only and is subject to
SingTel’s fair usage policy. For WeChat Plan, fair usage is set at 1GB per day. SingTel shall have the sole
and absolute discretion to change the fair usage policy and to assess whether a Customer’s usage is
excessive or abusive, in which event SingTel Mobile reserves the right to suspend, modify or terminate the
WeChat Plan immediately without notice to the Subscriber.
4

Indemnity, Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability

4.1 The Subscriber shall indemnify, defend and hold SingTel Mobile harmless from and against all and any
claims, demands, proceedings, costs, expenses, damages (including legal costs) arising from the
Subscriber’s use of WeChat including any loss or liability suffered or incurred by SingTel Mobile as a result of
the Subscriber’s breach of WeChat Terms and Conditions.
4.2 WeChat Plan is offered to the Subscriber on a “as is” basis by SingTel Mobile without any representation,
warranty or liability whatsoever. SingTel Mobile expressly disclaims to the fullest extent permitted by law all
express, implied and statutory warranties, including without limitation, warranties as to quality,
merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement of proprietary or intellectual property
rights. Without limiting the above, the Subscriber agrees that SingTel Mobile does not warrant that (i) the
WeChat Plan will meet the Subscriber’s requirements; (ii) access to the WeChat will be uninterrupted, timely,
secure, or error-free; or (iii) the contents of WeChat will be accurate, up-to-date or reliable.
4.3 Under no circumstances shall SingTel Mobile have any liability to the Subscriber, including for direct,
indirect, incidental, consequential, special, exemplary, and punitive damages, and whether such claim is
based on breach of warranty, contract, tort (including negligence) or otherwise and even if SingTel Mobile
has been advised of the possibility of such damages. The above shall apply whether the claim or the
damages arise from use, misuse, unauthorised use, or reliance on WeChat or WeChat Plan, from inability to

use the WeChat, or from the interruption, suspension, or termination of WeChat. The above shall apply
notwithstanding a failure of essential purpose of any limited remedy and to the fullest extent permitted by law.
4.4 The Subscriber acknowledges that through the use of WeChat, the Subscriber may gain access to or be
provided with content, material, tools or services from persons other than SingTel Mobile. The Subscriber
agrees that SingTel Mobile is not responsible for the availability of and that SingTel Mobile does not endorse
and is not responsible or liable for the same.
5. Miscellaneous
5.1 Under no circumstances shall SingTel Mobile provide a refund to the Subscriber (whether in cash or
otherwise) for the unexpired Subscription Period of a purchased WeChat Plan.
5.2 SingTel Mobile reserves the right in its sole and absolute discretion to discontinue, terminate, suspend in
whole or in part, the WeChat Plan without providing notice and without any liability.
5.3 The Subscriber shall not use the WeChat Plan for any commercial, promotional or such unauthorised
purposes.
5.4 These WeChat Plan Terms and Conditions may be amended by SingTel Mobile from time to time as
SingTel Mobile deems appropriate and any such amendments shall be posted on
(www.singtel.com/prepaid) and shall take effect from the date that they are so posted. The Subscriber shall
be bound by these WeChat Plan Terms and Conditions as so amended if the Subscriber continues to access
or use the WeChat Plan after the date such amendments are posted.
5.5 Use of the WeChat Plan will constitute the Subscriber’s acceptance of these WeChat Plan Terms and
conditions.
5.6 Subscriber agrees that SingTel Mobile shall be entitled to use and/or disclose any information or data
disclosed by the Subscriber in accordance to Clause 15 of the General Terms and Conditions. The
Subscribers are entitled to withdraw such consent in the procedures as prescribed by SingTel Mobile from
time to time.
Effective on 31 March 2014


